a book that I wrote and illustrated
became a number one New York Times
bestseller it's called the serious goose
all the money I make from the sale of
the book goes to Children's Hospital
here in LA and children's hospitals
across the United States anywhere they
sell books and if you want an
autographed copy go to the serious goose
com to get one signed by me in great big
black sharpie just like the President of
the United States
our first guest tonight is a Golden
Globe nominated actor and rapper and
bottled water - you know her from the
movie crazy rich Asians starting
tomorrow you can see her alongside
Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart in Jumanji
the next level please welcome Aquafina
[Applause]
[Music]
why hey congratulations on your Golden
Globe nomination thank you that came on
Monday right yes that's a very exciting
thing yeah yeah very exciting was it
very exciting were you up waiting to
hear if you get nominated
um no okay good good I and and not and
not because you know I had I had Korean
barbecue the night before and it was a
very rich and so I I did I fell asleep
and I woke up and I saw like a flurry of
messages like kind of as I was waking up
and I was like someone someone died
are you forgotten that what was
happening yeah yeah sure yeah I I didn't
I wasn't reminded that they had come out
that day I see so yeah so so it was so
it was that and then and yeah but um
yeah that would be weird if somebody did
remind you because then it puts a lot of
pressure on being nominated if
somebody's like by the way I'm an Asian
in the morning and it's like well what
if they don't happen then that person's
a jerk yeah yeah sure
oh the nominations in general like that
like that they would be the wrong date
okay they're like yeah it's all this
Korean barbecue yeah that's not too out
huh knocked me out yeah it was really
great that you brought something that I
tickled me greatly I have to say so your
family was very excited yes they were
they started group texting you yes and
now explain what I'm about to see before
yeah so my Aunt Linda is a little bit of
a nut is always an Aunt Linda and she's
and it's like I don't I don't want to be
like rain congratulations on it just was
an odd text I think for the the Nature
Boy so he first of all I like the name
of the group which is Aquafina fan here
yeah Congrats were so proud of you OMG
congratulations Congrats Nora that's
your real name Congrats this is awesome
you say thank you guys when you finally
wake up and then let's zoom in on aunt
Lynn yeah yep there we go Aunt Linda
says seriously fam curb yourselves of
gluten grains and beans
read up a lectin and how it poisons your
body over time you all need to try
intermittent fasting through the 16 hour
fast and try to eat one meal a day or do
every other day and cut out corn and soy
and even the organic kind the seeds are
all GM oh what a beautiful
congratulations Linda so aunt Liv is not
coming to the show I guess probably not
yeah
she's not even allowed at the farmers
market you're I don't think she yells at
people at the farmers market well she's
always like that yeah Aunt Linda yeah
yeah nothing more you need to say then
then it that he's a man all of that yeah
pretty much
you used to work at a video store how
long ago was that when I was 16 years
old okay yeah still at the end of video
stores really right that was the whole
thing it was like you know a constant
just like well you know we're getting
put out of business like I was like all
like that's how they explain what not
giving you a raise or what ever ever for
everything yeah just like well I mean
Rhonda but you know it's like they're
not gonna do we're gonna be a thing in
the past did they go out of business
eventually all right I think so did you
hear like did you hear from those people
who used to work with in the store yeah
my video store manager texted me
congratulations how I knew that someone
didn't die because I was like why is you
know but yeah it was a great store I'm
active in recommending films to people
things he wanted them to watch yes
always cuz they would ask me I don't
know I would tell them you know yeah did
I get mad if you recommended something
then they did not like yes it was one
person that hated Inconvenient Truth oh
yeah and the next day I was like what
kind of movie was this and I was like a
documentary was that person wearing a
red hat with
with four letters on it by any chance so
what was the first movie you ever saw
do you remember yeah I think when I was
when I was young I I saw one of the
first movies I ever saw was a well like
a league of their own Beetlejuice and
then a private parts was that word
Stern's move Howard Stern's a movie
private parts how old were you at that
time probably seven or eight years
that's the perfect age for a movie above
all private barge and also just watching
and trying to figure out you know
everything that's happening yeah was
that the work of your dad is my dad work
my dad and my uncle were like obsessed
with Howard Stern I see my uncle had the
private parts book and my dad had
private parts on laserdisc and I was
always want like take it out and be like
who is this guy with the Empire State
Building there yeah well the thing of
all media yeah yeah and so you were
fascinated with yeah yeah and then my
dad was also like obsessed with
recording the e show on on on like
taping it and then like hoarding the
tapes and would you watch that with
sometimes yeah oh yeah cuz that's a that
was a very dirty tone yeah it's very
graphic yeah and so that was okay you
guys would watch no it wasn't okay just
like the different contests and whatnot
yeah yeah and then but then I was when I
was in my 20s like years later we found
the tapes and he was like you want to
watch them and we just want it still
didn't get better I got points like dad
this still this is not uncomfortable of
sternman right but you know a certain
company sure yeah absolutely
the room yeah Wow and let allowed this
to happen no no no probably I don't
think that Linda would but she's pretty
focused on corn or grain yeah we're
gonna take a break where you see a clip
from Jumanji the next level aquafina is
here with us
[Applause]
trying to steal the key to my chest
no go down I'm sorry I did it was
my fault
I am I just I don't know I don't know
what I was did you mangy the next level
with the Hound from Game of Thrones
playing that almost exactly the same
role he played in game of promise yeah
yeah it's great so this movie you got
dwayne johnson you've got Kevin Hart
you've got Jack Black all these guys
Dwayne Johnson was here the other night
yeah he for Christmas bought his mother
last year a house and then followed it
by buying his father a house will I be
buying homes for your family that's hard
cuz you're in the movie too yeah no I
wasn't that movie no no no no I may be
you know a nice chair mm-hmm you know
have you bought yourself the house where
do you live now I I just moved to LA you
did yeah okay what's that what did you
do that give you that because you really
wanted to or because you felt like for
professional reasons it would be better
you know I I did want to because I love
LA and and I'll tell you why I love LA
growing up in New York my dream was
always to like drive a car to target go
to target you load your your thought
things in there your songs in there and
then and then you and then you drive
home and go into the mouth of your house
and you drop off what you buy yeah
instead of taking a for trains home with
like you know a small house yeah I I'm
totally with you on that I like to go to
Costco and I like to get stuff I don't
need yeah like 48 batteries
yeah and you can't and I think about
that all the time when I'm in New York
is I've never lived in New York City I
like how are these people yeah bulk
shopping no they're not well they they
are and then they're bringing in on the
on the train you know what it's like
holding like a 48 pack of tissue paper
I've seen people doing that yeah
and it's no place it's no good you um
being a homeowner is that stressful for
you you know I thought I would be like a
really chill homeowner like you know
just like come on by dude that's been
living for a long there for a long time
there's nothing no but now I I'm
horrible like yeah I'm i have like
mini-strokes everywhere I have a friend
clogged my downstairs toilet and I found
myself kind of yelling at him like my
dad was like you know I got a paper
everything happens in this house right
like I do my little walk over to things
check out a crack I always have a thing
yeah my dad was always checking the
walls yeah and we always made fun of him
he's like your hands on the walls why
your hands on the walls and now I find
myself looking at the walls and going
why are these children putting their
hands on the wall this little yeah just
a little Titanic smeared oh yeah yeah
exactly
are you that off-balance all the time
maybe you have to spiderman is in the
house they were all over the walls
yes yeah you have to protect the wall
yes protect the walls and all this
sounds like things are going whoa what's
going on for Christmas do you have a
plan you going home my dad was murdered
thanks to me I was like I've had enough
but yeah I'm probably gonna stay it'll
be a fun thing invite your friends over
your new house let them cloud up the
toilet no no the yuletide clogged
exactly a tradition for you that'll be
very festive yes well it's very good to
see you the movie is called Jumanji the
next level it was the theaters tomorrow
aquafina everybody hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
give back this holiday season buy my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you
don't support that you are a bunch